% ¥iffalse meta-comment
% dtx/mahjong-tiles-01-messages.dtx -- messages for mahjong-tiles
%
% Copyright (c) 2021 Daniel Schmitz
% Copyright (c) 2026 Lilia Chen May Wither
%
% This file is distributed under the MIT Licence; see LICENCE.
% ¥fi
%
% ¥subsection{Messages}
%
%    ¥begin{macrocode}
%<*package>
% -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
% Messages
% -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
¥msg_new:nnnn { mahjong-tiles } { invalid-token }
  { Token‾'#1'‾is‾not‾valid‾in‾Mahjong‾MPSZF‾notation. }
  { Valid‾tokens‾are‾0--9,‾m,‾p,‾s,‾z,‾f,‾x,‾?,‾-,‾',‾",‾*,‾+,‾[text],‾¥mj¥{tile¥},‾and‾spaces. }

¥msg_new:nnnn { mahjong-tiles } { unknown-tile }
  { I‾cannot‾find‾tile‾'#1'. }
  { Check‾that‾the‾tile‾PDF‾exists‾under‾the‾configured‾tile-dir. }

¥msg_new:nnnn { mahjong-tiles } { unknown-orientation }
  { Orientation‾'#1'‾is‾unknown. }
  { This‾is‾an‾internal‾error;‾valid‾orientations‾are‾0,‾1,‾and‾2. }

¥msg_new:nnnn { mahjong-tiles } { missing-suit }
  { Tile‾digit(s)‾'#1'‾do‾not‾have‾a‾suit. }
  { Add‾m,‾p,‾s,‾z,‾or‾f‾after‾the‾digit‾group,‾or‾use‾N-‾for‾a‾separator. }

¥msg_new:nnnn { mahjong-tiles } { invalid-flower }
  { Flower‾tile‾'#1f'‾is‾not‾supported. }
  { Flower‾tiles‾are‾0f‾to‾8f. }

¥msg_new:nnnn { mahjong-tiles } { missing-rotation-target }
  { Rotation‾marker‾'#1'‾has‾no‾tile‾to‾rotate. }
  { Put‾the‾marker‾after‾a‾digit,‾x,‾?,‾or‾a‾completed‾tile‾group. }

¥msg_new:nnnn { mahjong-tiles } { missing-overlay-target }
  { Overlay‾text‾'#1'‾has‾no‾tile‾to‾annotate. }
  { Put‾[text]‾after‾a‾digit,‾x,‾?,‾or‾a‾completed‾tile‾group. }

¥msg_new:nnnn { mahjong-tiles } { unclosed-overlay }
  { Overlay‾text‾was‾started‾with‾'['‾but‾no‾closing‾']'‾was‾found. }
  { Add‾a‾closing‾']'.‾Nested‾literal‾square‾brackets‾are‾not‾supported. }

¥msg_new:nnnn { mahjong-tiles } { concealed-kong-overlay }
  { Overlay‾text‾'#1'‾is‾attached‾to‾the‾final‾back‾tile‾of‾a‾concealed‾kong. }
  { This‾warning‾confirms‾that‾the‾postfix‾annotation‾targets‾the‾expanded‾kong‾tail. }

¥msg_new:nnnn { mahjong-tiles } { nested-mj }
  { The‾¥mj‾command‾cannot‾be‾nested. }
  { mahjong-tiles‾only‾expands‾one‾level‾of‾¥mj¥{...¥}. }

¥msg_new:nnnn { mahjong-tiles } { inline-mj-single-tile }
  { Inline‾¥mj¥{#1¥}‾must‾contain‾exactly‾one‾Mahjong‾tile. }
  { Use‾one‾simple‾tile‾such‾as‾¥mj¥{2z¥}.‾Do‾not‾put‾a‾hand,‾gap,‾or‾meld‾inside‾inline‾¥mj. }

¥msg_new:nnnn { mahjong-tiles } { inline-mj-tile-only }
  { Inline‾¥mj¥{#1¥}‾did‾not‾produce‾a‾plain‾tile. }
  { Inline‾¥mj‾inside‾¥mahjong¥{...¥}‾is‾reserved‾for‾one‾drawn‾tile. }

¥msg_new:nnnn { mahjong-tiles } { invalid-aka }
  { Aka‾option‾'#1'‾must‾be‾one‾of‾0,‾1,‾or‾2. }
  { Use‾aka=0‾for‾no‾red‾fives,‾aka=1‾for‾normal‾red‾fives,‾or‾aka=2‾for‾an‾extra‾red‾5p‾in‾concealed‾kongs. }

¥msg_new:nnnn { mahjong-tiles } { deprecated-no-aka }
  { Option‾'#1'‾is‾deprecated;‾use‾'#2'‾instead. }
  { The‾legacy‾no-aka‾option‾is‾accepted‾for‾backward‾compatibility‾only. }

¥msg_new:nnnn { mahjong-tiles } { invalid-no-aka }
  { No-aka‾option‾'#1'‾must‾be‾one‾of‾0,‾1,‾false,‾or‾true. }
  { Use‾aka=0‾instead‾of‾no-aka=1,‾or‾aka=1‾instead‾of‾no-aka=0. }

¥msg_new:nnnn { mahjong-tiles } { invalid-stick-amount }
  { Stick‾amount‾'#1'‾must‾be‾a‾one-,‾two-,‾or‾three-digit‾integer. }
  { Use‾¥stick¥{305¥}‾for‾30500,‾or‾use‾manual‾counts‾such‾as‾¥stick¥{10k=3,100=5¥}. }

¥msg_new:nnnn { mahjong-tiles } { invalid-stick-manual }
  { Manual‾stick‾spec‾'#1'‾must‾contain‾four‾counts. }
  { Use‾10k,‾5k,‾1k,‾100‾order,‾for‾example‾¥stick[manual]¥{3,0,0,5¥},‾or‾use‾key-values‾such‾as‾¥stick¥{10k=3,100=5¥}. }

¥msg_new:nnnn { mahjong-tiles } { unknown-stick }
  { I‾cannot‾find‾stick‾artwork‾'#1'. }
  { Check‾that‾10k.pdf,‾5k.pdf,‾1k.pdf,‾and‾100.pdf‾exist‾under‾the‾configured‾stick-dir. }

%</package>
%    ¥end{macrocode}
¥endinput
